Faster.
I don't want to die so young.
Hurry up.
OK.
I'm so exhausted.
Why do you seem to be
in danger every time we meet?
Yang Ze!
I didn't expect to see you here.
This is my friend
Yang Ze.
Thank you.
You...
Are you alright?
Is there any internal injury?
He did nothing to you?
Yes. I'm fine.
I just
accidentally got separated from you.
Then you can go back the same way
and catch up with us.
If you use the Magic
to go fast,
even if I had gone back,
I wouldn't have found you.
So I thought
I'd wait for you
where you may go by.
How did you know?
I thought
you might go to the Imperial Capital,
if that's the case,
you'd have to come to the Ryen City Pier.
So I'm here to try my luck.
Well,
it seems I was right.
You're smart.
I was so worried after you leave,
as that man didn't say anything.
I was afraid he'd hurt you.
What were you worried about?
He is just a civilian.
Who would deal with a civilian?
Maybe there are someone who forces a civilian
to get married?
What do you mean by that?
I'm telling the truth.
I'll ask them to prepare some dessert.
Would you excuse me?
I'll go and see if we have any tails.
This one is mine.
You drank Tian Xin's just now.
I'm doing it for justice.
They still don't know my real identity.
What about you?
Are you exposed?
Not at all.
Then what happened?
I accidentally discovered
some secrets that should not be known.
I have arranged a new identity for you.
I'm here this time
just to send you away.
No.
I have to go back to the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
You want to go back now?
Now that they don't have any proof
to say that I am the traitor,
I need to go back
and sweep out all the information about me.
Only in this way,
I can escape from the control of the HIC.
So,
I have to go back.
Do you have to do it in person?
Kynil.
I've informed my family in the Imperial Capital.
They will prepare the money.
As soon as we go back,
I'll pay you back in double.
I thought you were worried about friends.
It turns out you just want the money.
That's for your dowry.
I don't care about money.
Rosemary,
I saved your life, right?
So we're even.
After dinner,
we will go separate ways, OK?
No way!
You promised to marry me.
How can you do that?
You are going to marry a civilian,
but I'm not.
I don't care.
You have to marry me.
I'm telling you,
you can't go back
on your word.
You have to obey your own rules.
What kind of princess are you?
Ouch!
Her father is not just a marquis.
What?
Princess Rosemary's father
is Lord VI of Xuancang,
Theo.
He is also
the only lord with royal blood.
Then why
her lord
wants her to marry a civilian?
The lord's wife,
who's also the mother of Rosemary,
doesn't want her to be a magician again.
So she ordered her to marry
a civilian who doesn't know magic or has a rank.
Your mom is so wise.
But I don't think so.
I want to marry
a man with powerful magic.
So you found me.
Because
my magic is too strong, right?
I chose you because you are stupid
and easy to control.
You're just my excuse with my family.
You can say whatever you want.
I have escaped from your home,
and I saved you.
I'm so great.
How did you know about this?
I worked for the HIC,
and I was in charge of searching information.
And I also know that
the HIC has
important information about you.
What information?
Your father is not dead.
Where is he?
Why didn't he appear for so many years?
I knew it.
I know he is still alive.
I only know that much.
As for more details,
I didn't have the access for that.
I don't know.
I thought you left
because you knew some secrets that you shouldn't.
Why don't you know about my father?
Why don't you know where he is?
Wow, wow, wow.
Easy. Easy.
Calm down.
She's young and reckless.
Forgive her.
What's the difference just tell me this?
I'll have to live like I used to.
Without a title,
I just practice magic by myself,
and I have to marry someone I don't want to.
Why are you only telling me this?
Princess,
if you want to get rid of the fate of marrying civilians,
I know the answer.
But the cost is big.
Do you
want to try?
How?
The method is in the HIC.
Isn't it where the men in black are?
I won't go.
I know a secret path to the HIC.
If we go from there,
no one will notice.
Why are you helping me?
You helped me escape today.
I'm doing it as a thank you.
Guess what?
The thing between Rosemary and I have been settled.
You have to thank me in another way.
Anyway, I won't go.
I was thinking if you would accompany me,
I'll give you some gold as a thank-you gift.
What's more,
maybe there will be secret treasure in the HIC
or something else.
It's a pity.
That's enough.
You know I'm a man
that both handsome and
talented,
and I'm warm-hearted.
So,
I'm happy to help.
Yang Ze,
we seem to lose those men in black.
After we land,
I'll go find Yin Chen to ask for help.
You know Yin Chen?
Of course.
Yin Chen is my...
Your what?
He's my idol.
You're day dreaming.
Anyway,
as long as I'm asking, he will definitely help.
Believe it or not.
Whether you can find Yin Chen or not,
this time,
it has to be done by yourselves.
Why?
Yeah, why?
Yin Chen is a lord.
If he gets involved,
it's Lord VII
unreasonably interfere Lord VI's business,
it will cause much more trouble.
That's right.
My family can't know about this.
Fine.
I'll cut you some slack today.
You don't have to
pretend that you know Yin Chen.
OK then.
Lord V,
here we are again.
I've been looking for you for three days.
In order to repay me,
show me what you got.
You have seen my Beast and Halidom.
What do you think?
Are you satisfied with me as your opponent?
I didn't do anything wrong.
Neither did Lotus.
I won't fight you.
Are you afraid of me?
I just don't want other
innocent lives to get involved.
You'd better worry about yourself
and your baby sister.
Hey, stop running.
Tian Xin,
are you sure sneaking into the HIC is not dangerous?
Kynil is my friend.
I don't want anything bad happen to him.
Don't you worry about me?
So I opposed you from the beginning.
Don't worry. I'll be fine.
As for them,
it should be fine, too.
Since you're determined to go,
don't show your face
preparing goods.
Let others do it.
You're not going to tell Yin Chen about it?
This is very dangerous.
I'm finally free.
Why am I going back?
Moreover,
I've been disappeared for so long.
He didn't even look for me.
I experienced life and death today.
And where is my lord?
He doesn't care about me at all.
Isn't there some shared bond
between a lord and his disciple?
Actually, I can't blame him.
Tian Xin said
I can't control my Magic.
He shouldn't feel my danger.
Then you should tell Yin Chen about it.
It will definitely be dangerous later.
You're just being paranoid.
I have Tian Xin and Rosemary with me.
No way.
I will accompany you to talk to Yin Chen.
No need.
If we go to him now,
he'll be like
¡°What are you doing with him again?¡±
If he knows that I made a lot of trouble,
he'd punish me for sure.
I'll tell him that I run into you.
That won't work.
Although Yin Chen has a poker face,
he can see right through me
at one glance.
So,
he will punish me for that.
If he knows about this, he will punish me even more.
I might as well wait.
It's better to get punished once.
Right?
OK.
Let's go. Rosemary's waiting.
Kynil?
He's disciple of Lord VII now?
You don't want to show me your Beast
or your Halidom?
Or
the person who secretly helps you?
I do not know what you're talking about
I won't fight you.
Moreover,
you know what my talent is?
Fine.
After all, execute Lord V according to the Red Order
is such a rare opportunity.
I don't want to waste it.
But no matter what
I will let you go all out to fight against me.
I'll give you one more day.
Then I will wait for you at your place.
Don't bail on me.
Otherwise,
your little friends
will be killed one by one.
Don't make me wait too long.
They're all Magicians in the HIC.
You have no Magic.
It's too dangerous to go in.
You said the secret path is safe
and won't be noticed if we go from there.
I did say that.
But just in case.
You'd better not go.
Yang Ze,
stay on the ship.
That's right.
You are clumsy,
if you trigger the alarm,
we'll have to save you.
Yang Ze,
if you stay on board,
you can take us to the sea immediately
when the HIC people chase us.
But...
All three of us have Magic,
and we'll go in from the secret path.
We'll be back before you know it.
Alright.
Promise me,
if you get caught, don't fight.
Come back to the ship immediately
and I'll take you away.
OK. I promise.
By the way,
These are the Blast Fireballs that my family gave me.
Take them with you.
Just in case.
We're good.
Take them.
OK.
When I come back,
I'll return them to you.
Let's go.
The secret path to the HIC is behind the door.
But to open this door needs Magic.
I was hunted by the HIC.
So my Magic has been recorded.
So I can't
use it to open the door.
So what should we do now?
I don't know how to use Magic.
The secret is behind this door.
You have to open it on your own.
On my own?
Close your eyes.
Focus.
Concentrate all your Magic here.
Have a try.
Don't be nervous, relax.
Clear your mind.
Try again.
It's open!
I did it.
It turns out
you're really good at it.
Of course.
I'm better than you.
The Information Chamber is down the hall.
Once I get there,
my Magic will
trigger the alarm.
So I can only get you here.
You'll leave us like this?
Princess,
the thing you want to know
is in the east corner in that chamber.
Do as I just said,
and you won't get caught.
Is it OK no matter how long we're in there?
It should be.
But hurry up, just in case.
After we come out,
we'll take the same way to go back?
I'll wait for you at the door that we came in from.
Put on your veils and hurry.
Go.
These are just stone pillars.
Where is the information?
Let's look for it first.
There must be some switches.
These pillars
are moving regularly.
I see.
The information Tian Xin mentioned
must be hidden inside these pillars.
So if we can find their movement pattern,
we can find the information we want.
That Tian Xin.
He brought us here,
but didn't tell us how to find the information.
Maybe he didn't know, either.
But the things carved on the pillars
are not characters.
They must be some symbols.
This HIC
is so mysterious.
The owner must be quite something.
Do you understand these?
These symbols
are not commonly used at all.
Then why are you still staring?
I thought it was easy
to find the information about the secret treasure.
Why is it so difficult?
By the way,
listen carefully.
The gold you owe me,
I want that in pure gold.
Don't try to pay me in some other way.
Rosemary,
did you touch anything?
Just save it.
It's an ice cage barrier.
If you try to break it,
there will be more and more ice spears.
But this is the HIC.
Why is there an ice cage?
This is a trap.
We may be set up by someone.
Being set...
If that's the case, we have to get out now.
The people you're waiting for won't be here.
They were trapped.
People I'm waiting for?
Kynil.
I saw you with him on the street today.
Then I followed them to the HIC.
But I couldn't get in the chamber.
You know Kynil?
How is he doing now?
I wanted to help.
But I can't be an enemy of the HIC.
So I couldn't do it.
What shall I do?
I can't go to the HIC, either.
Although you and I can't,
Lord Yin Chen can save him.
Lord Yin Chen?
Protecting his disciple
is the mission of every lord.
Don't hesitate any more.
Just go.
It's such a waste.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to make fire and burn the ice.
You can't do that.
You may burn us alive.
Fine.
Turn over.
What are you doing now?
I'm going to use...
I'm going to use hot water to melt the ice.
What were you thinking?
The icicle is so thick,
how could it be possible?
You wouldn't know if you never try.
Go ahead.
Can you figure out a way?
Why there're two disciples?
Where's Tian Xin?
You are a disciple, too?
Sir,
do you mean
you caught us by mistake?
Since it is a misunderstanding,
would you let us go?
We won't haggle over it.
We didn't catch Tian Xin today,
instead, we caught two disciples by mistake.
I'm afraid that if Lord IV blames us for it,
we'll be in big trouble.
You said you know Yin Chen,
and you are a disciple.
Then you must be disciple of Lord VII.
I've told you already.
But you didn't believe me.
This is Tian Xin's plan all along.
Tian Xin set the trap
and used the disciples as shields.
Is it possible that they are his accomplice?
This is serious.
It must be reported quickly.
Aye.
We are not his accomplice.
Let us go.
You made a mistake
but you don't want to admit it.
Man up!
We are disciples of Lord VI and Lord VII,
but now I feel so humiliated.
Let us go right now.
Tian Xin's betrayal is of great importance,
I'm ordered to arrest him in here.
Now you two suddenly appeared.
We have reasons to doubt the betrayal of Tian Xin
is related to Lord VI and Lord VII.
So before things are clear,
you may leave.
That Tian Xin.
How dare he mess with us?
Even if the HIC pardon him,
I won't let him off the hook so easily.
Calm down.
Didn't you hear it?
Once they find out the truth,
they'll let us go.
What would they do to us anyway?
You are too na?ve.
Don't worry.
We are disciples.
Come in.
Lord VII,
I don't have time to explain too much to you.
Kynil is in trouble.
Only you can save him.
The clock is ticking.
Let's go.
I don't care what your true identity is.
But you cared about Kynil
too much, don't you think?
No way.
I will accompany you to talk to Yin Chen.
No need.
If we go to him now,
he'll be like
¡°What are you doing with him again?¡±
If he knows that I made a lot of trouble,
he'd punish me for sure.
I just ran into Kynil by accident.
I didn't mean to follow him.
Kynil is my friend, and now he is in danger,
how can I stand by and watch?
Tea?
Although it's not as good as it in the Imperial Capital,
but it's better than nothing.
You still have the mood for tea?
Kynil is in danger now.
It's really urgent.
You're right.
Kynil really got into trouble,
and it's a big one.
You knew it?
So you can feel Kynil's situation?
What are you waiting for?
Let's go save him.
Or he'll be dead!
You are so anxious,
is it because you're ashamed?
Ashamed?
I know you don't like me.
But Kynil is in danger.
I swear
I have nothing to do with it.
But when I knew about that,
I've been trying to save him.
Ashamed?
No. I have a clear conscience about that.
I just don't understand one thing.
Why are you acting so cold?
It's you.
Good.
You're not that stupid anyway.
Lord, get to the point.
Don't beat about the bush.
You betrayed the HIC,
and made two disciples
take the fall.
You offended several lords after this.
I really don't know if you are stupid
or just bad luck.
If that's the case,
I'll have to make sure of something while I still can.
Lord,
I hope you can promise me one thing.
Otherwise, I'll kill myself.
If I die here,
the two disciples
will be considered to have other attempt
and they'll have no witness.
What's more,
you can't get off easily, either.
Go ahead.
As long as I could.
Is it worth it?
Yes.
For her,
I have nothing to regret.
OK, I promise you.
Lord Yin Chen,
I want to tell you something.
In fact, all lords and disciples
are in a terrible game.
No one can escape.
There's only so much I can say.
Please, Sir.
Can you be quick?
You can't feel it from the outside,
but we are freezing in here.
We didn't receive any message that the two disciples
will come to the HIC to perform the task.
What should we do now?
Then what were they doing here?
Why did they break into here?
What does this have to do with Tian Xin?
How about
locking them up
and forcing them to tell the truth
with the Distract Magic?
Disciples,
in order not to break the rules,
we have to use Distract Magic on you right now.
I'm sorry.
What is Distract Magic?
It's a Magic
to disturb our mind.
Do you want to hypnotize us?
I don't allow you to use
such dirty Magic.
I'm telling you,
you have to wait until my lord is here.
You know what?
I won't tell you anything.
I won't tell you
that my dream is to own a big tavern.
And then
I'll be a millionaire.
Aren't you know everything?
Do you know where my Beast is?
Ready?
My Beast is in my butt.
Yin Chen?
I thought I would never see you again!
Lord VII?
He's the one behind all this.
You can take him now.
I'm going to take them with me.
Tian Xin?
Tian Xin.
You bastard!
We trusted you.
But you set us up!
I...
Tian Xin, you betrayed the HIC.
Lord IV Reya has ordered that
we have to catch you alive.
Do you know what will happen to you?
I know too many secrets,
and I also know the HIC won't let me off.
Let's go.
Yin Chen,
What did Tian Xin mean just now?
The HIC has strict rules.
In order to ensure the absolute confidentiality,
their messengers must not get married for their lifetime.
They are cold like stones.
But you have to know
humans
are emotional creatures.
Emotional?
When I took Tian Xin to the HIC,
he told me his story.
I hope you can promise me one thing.
Go ahead.
As long as I could.
In a mission a while ago,
I met a girl.
She risked her life to save mine.
- Go that way!    - Aye!
She made me realize
kindness and love
can give us courage and warmth.
That's the power of love.
Is it, Kynil?
Cut the nonsense.
All I can think of is that you owe me gold.
Watch this.
See?
Yin Chen is very cute.
Every time I touch him...
He'll be like this.
He's a neat freak.
You think that's funny?
Of course.
I enjoy being with you.
It's more and more interesting.
You know, I haven't seen you these days.
I felt empty inside.
Kill Tian Xin.
Who are you?
Disciple of Lord II, Shen Yin.